Team name: The Ismians

Contributors:
1. Shipra Sharma(shipramzn7300@gmail.com)
2. Plaksha Singh(plakshasingh4@gmail.com)
3. Chesta Lathi (chestalathi2000@gmail.com)


ABOUT 
The aim of this project is to find the shortest path between two points in 2D context. The algorithms which are being implemented in this project are the following:
a) A*
b) Dijkstra
c) Best-First Search
d) Breadth-first search
e) IDA*

LANGUAGES USED:
Javascript ,HTML5 and CSS

FRAMEWORK:
None

The project code can be found on (https://github.com/Plaksha05/shortest_path.git) with an online demo at (https://shortest-path-git-master.ismians.vercel.app/maze/maze.html)

In this project, a 2D array stores the properties of each tile like state , g(cost) value, h(heuristic), parent, visited state etc. which are being accessed by the algorithms for implemntation.

The project is working on all the browsers (Chrome, Microsoft edge, Mozilla Firefox, Safari). 
Each algorithm have its own variables with local scope. Their scope will be vanished with the termination of the algo.

DOCUMENTS:
We have prepared short notes on algorithms (used in the project) and heuristic functions as well. These notes are in pdf format. In addition to this, we have also prepared Software Engineering diagrams.

DURATION:
1. 20june - 25june :- Understanding the functioning of the algos
2. 26june - 2july :- Learned languages (javascript, css and html)
Note:- We have also learned nodejs , ajax, json and express(for backend) but we were facing problem in using all these together to make the project.
3. 3july - 24july :- Project Preparation

DEPLOYMENT:
The project is being deployed on AWS.

CODE:
The site is  generated by maze.html file. Corresponding algorithm file contains the code of the corresponding algorithm, animation.js
file contains the code responsible for animation, heuristics are inside heuristic.js file and the styling of UI is coded inside
style.css.

UI:
On the top-left side we have Instructions button which will provide us info about how to start testing the project.
On the top-right side we have symbols for various elements to help us understand the output.
On the bottom side we have a bar of buttons whose info can be obtained by clicking on Instructions button.
